Polish planner elicitation UX, drop implementation jargon (#238)
UiPath/skills: skills/uipath-planner/SKILL.md

**No signals?** Use Step 1 answers. If still undetermined, plan with best available info and note the assumption.

## Step 4 — UI element targeting (only when the plan includes UI automation)

> If the plan loads `uipath-rpa` for a workflow that clicks, types into, or reads elements in a desktop or browser app, ask the three questions defined below — **App type**, **Targeting approach**, and **App state** — in one batched `AskUserQuestion` call. Skip any question already resolved from the user's request (skip rules listed after the question definitions). Keep the wording **generic** — do not inject domain-specific names ("HR app", "Salesforce", "Workday") into the question text; the app identity lives in the plan header, not the questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user asks for a workflow that clicks, types into, or reads elements in a desktop or browser app, ask the three questions defined below — **App type**, **Targeting approach**, and **App state** — in one batched `AskUserQuestion` call. Skip any question already resolved from the user's request (skip rules listed after the question definitions). Keep the wording **generic** — do not inject domain-specific names ("HR app", "Salesforce", "Workday") into the question text; the app identity lives in the plan header, not the questions.
```
